Are right add two digits so they'd be active here is we're going to take in a two digit integer such
as 29.
And what we want is we want to return some of those digit.
So 29 when we add a 2 and a 9 returns 11 if we have a 11.
It's going to return a to right one plus one.
That's what we want to do.
Here are some ways that I solve this.
I use split parts to string and reduce.
But looking at this in a little bit more detail you could probably eliminate the reduce since our objective
here and asked for just the two digit integer but we'll go ahead and do my solution with Reduce for
the time being.
All right.
So we're getting a number in from here right now I'm using any because my test lane doesn't like my
solution.
So what.
Well quite TS-Aligner.
So you just put it in there.
Well we are getting a number and we're expecting to return a number the way I went about this was it
is variable Nomes.
And what we're going to do is we're going take that number or invert it to a value of essentially of
strings a string of numbers.
So we're taking and we're going to go Toops two and two string and then we're going to split it on each
one of those values.
Now that we have that all we have to do is call reduce.
So we're getting non-stock reduce and in here we're going to get a which is going to be a string or
B which will be a string as well so this is going to be essentially our accumulator from over correctly.
So this we keep track and this is going to be the number we're going to have.
That's really at the end of the day for a reduce for how are you using anyhow.
And what we're going to do here is we're right turn and go ahead and turn go on.
We're going to see right now we have identified we were in turn a plus b but because there strings is
just going to concatenate them back together right.
We don't want that.
We want them to actually treat it as numbers.
And so we're going to parse it a plus parse and B.
And now we get 11.
So pretty.
All right.
So just go over the logic one more time.
We're taking a number we're converting into an array of characters at the end the day after we convert
it to a string.
We're then iterating through that array and then parsing the integers out which they all are and then
adding them together.
Now we could do parsing a plus be something like this.
And now after reading the questions that would be fine.
So we do something like parse and a
percent.
Gnome's 0 rather plus S.
is 1.
And that works as well.
So just that's honestly looking at this this is probably a cleaner solution for this product for this
application for this algorithm.